Famous Movie Quotes
May the Force be with you. - Star Wars

There's no place like home. -The Wizard of Oz

I'm the king of the world! -Titanic

Carpe diem. Seize the day, boys. Make your lives extraordinary. -Dead Poets Society

Elementary, my dear Watson. - The Adventures of Sherlock Holmes

It's alive! It's alive! -Frankenstein

My mama always said life was like a box of chocolates. 
You never know what you're gonna get. -Forrest Gump

8. “I'll be back.” -The Terminator, 1984

9. “You're gonna need a bigger boat.” -Jaws, 1975

Here's looking at you, kid. -Casablanca

My precious. -The Lord of the Rings: Two Towers

Houston, we have a problem. -Apollo 13

There's no crying in baseball! -A League of Their Own

E.T. phone home. -E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial

You can't handle the truth! -A Few Good Men

A martini. Shaken, not stirred. -Goldfinger

Life is a banquet, and most poor suckers are starving to death! -Auntie Mame

If you build it, he will come. -Field of Dreams

The stuff that dreams are made of. -The Maltese Falcon

Magic Mirror on the wall, who is the fairest one of all? -Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs

Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. -The Godfather Part II

I am your father. -Star Wars Episode V: The Empire Strikes Back

Just keep swimming. -Finding Nemo

Today, I consider myself the luckiest man on the face of the earth. -The Pride of the Yankees

You is kind. You is smart. You is important. -The Help

What we've got here is failure to communicate. -Cool Hand Luke

Hasta la vista, baby. -Terminator 2: Judgment Day

You don't understand! I coulda had class. I coulda been a contender. I could've been somebody, instead of a bum, which is what I am. -On the Waterfront

Bond. James Bond. -Dr. No

You talking to me? -Taxi Driver

Roads? Where we're going we don't need roads. -Back to the Future

That'll do, pig. That'll do. -Babe

I'm walking here! I'm walking here! -Midnight Cowboy

It was beauty killed the beast. -King Kong

Stella! Hey, Stella! -A Streetcar Named Desire

As if! -Clueless

Here's Johnny! -The Shining

Rosebud. -Citizen Kane

I'll have what she's having. -When Harry Met Sally

Inconceivable! -The Princess Bride

All right, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my close-up. -Sunset Boulevard

Fasten your seatbelts. It's going to be a bumpy night. -All About Eve

Nobody puts Baby in a corner. -Dirty Dancing

Well, nobody's perfect. -Some Like it Hot

Snap out of it! -Moonstruck

You had me at ‘hello.’ -Jerry Maguire

They may take our lives, but they'll never take our freedom! -Braveheart

To infinity and beyond! -Toy Story

You’re killin’ me, Smalls. -The Sandlot

Toto, I've a feeling we're not in Kansas anymore. -The Wizard of Oz
